White guy: So, do you have any plans for this evening?
Asian girl: Yeah, being angry!
White guy: Oh, that sounds good.

Guy #1: So this Jack guy is basically the luckiest man in the world.
Guy #2: Why, because he's survived like 5 attempts on his life and it's not even noon?
Guy #1: No; he could totally nail those two chicks.

Dad: Could you tell me where the auditorium is?
Security guy: It's on the second floor.
Dad: Wait, you mean it's actually in the building?

Girl: But, I mean, it's not like I ever plan on giving birth.
Guy: Well, if your mother gave birth, it's like your chances are good that you'll give birth too.
Girl: ...Uh, dude, mother gave birth.
Guy: Absolutely.
Guy #1: I don't mind getting old; I love getting old.
Guy #2: Yeah, just as long as you don't get pregnant.

Hobo: Can you spare any change?
Man: Sorry, no.
Hobo: Who the hell you saying no to? I wasn't asking you anyway, asshole!

Hobo: Excuse me, this is a picture of my daughter Sofiya, she was in a fire recently and now she is brain damage can you spare some change so that we can give her a proper funeral? Anything will help, even a penny.
Man: Wait a minute! Is this the same daughter that was in a fire last summer? You mean to tell me you haven't buried her yet?

Guy: How old are you?
Hipster girl: You know, I never answer that question. Because to me, it's about how mature you are, you know? I mean, a fourteen year old could be more mature than a twenty-five year old, right? I'm sorry, I just never answer that question.
Guy: But, uh, you're older than eighteen, right?
Hipster girl: Oh, yeah.

Queer #1: What should I get? I'll have a falafel. Ha, ha!
Queer #2: I'll have one of these lamb slices.
Pizza guy: Eggplant.
Queer #2: No, one of these.
Pizza guy: That's eggplant.
Queer #2: Oh...Well, it looked like lamb.
Queer #1: I'm gonna throw caution to the wind and get a cheese slice.
Queer #3: That's not lamb. Maybe you should ask for a duck confit slice.

Man: Is this kosher?
Vendor guy: Um...there's kosher salt in the bacon.

Man #1: Yo! You just picked your nose! You're not gonna wash your hands first?
Man #2: Why? It's not like I picked your nose.

Guy #1: You're the first person I've seen that washed their hands before going to the toilet.
Guy #2: My godfather was a doctor and he got it into my head at a young enough age that I had to always do it.
Guy #1: Really? He must have been a bit of a strange doctor.
Guy #2: Yeah...He specialized in infectious diseases.

Girl: Why do I have to die, why can't you die?
Guy: .
Girl: Well...that's not fair.

Old man: You are the most beautiful woman in the world.
Girl: Aw, thanks!
Guy: She has crabs !

Guy #1: What can I say? I'm a sucker for orphan stories.
Guy #2: Or something.
Guy #1: Think about it: I loved Lemony Snicket, Party of Five , Diff'rent Strokes , Star Wars .
Guy #2: Yeah. Wait. Luke wasn't an orphan.
Guy #1: Well, he sort of was, spiritually.

Guy: I could be fired for 8 counts of sexual harassment last night.
Girl: Yeah, and that's just on me alone.
Guy: Oh man, really?
Girl: Yeah, but you bought me a drink, so it's okay.

Asian girl: I really like sleep sex.
White girl #1: What's that?
Asian girl: You know, when you're sleeping and you wake up and you're having sex. Sleep sex.
White girl #2: You mean getting raped?

Little boy: Dad, will you remember me tomorrow?
Dad: Of course.
Little boy: Will you remember me next week?
Dad: Yes.
Little boy: Next month?
Dad: Yup.
Little boy: Next year? Two years? Three years?
Dad. Yes, yes and yes.
Little boy: ...Knock, knock.
Dad: Who's there?
Little boy: Aw, man! You forgot me already!

Guy #1: Bitches are all emotional, guys use their head. That is why I call emotional guys "bitches."
Guy #2: Word.
Guy #1: But bitches are crazy, they will call the cops on you now. They will slap themselves in the face and when the cops show up they will point at you.
Guy #2: Fo' sho'.
Guy #1: That is why I ain't got no kids. I don't want a bunch of my seed running around and people calling me a scumbag because I don't take care of my kids. Bitch will turn on you for that child support.
Guys #2: I know my girl ain't gonna be doing that because she know I'm only making minimum wage.

Woman: I remember kindergarten. I got lots of candy and everyone wanted to play with me and I used to wet the bed a lot.
Man: You used to what?
Woman: I used to wet the bed. So they decided to move my bed farther away from the bathroom.

Tween girl #1: I'm gonna call that number 1-800-DIVORCE. I want to divorce my parents.
Tween boy: You can't divorce your parents, stupid. Can you marry your parents? No!
Tween girl #1: Technically, technically you can but that's just sick.
Tween girl #2: You're not really divorcing your parents. It's more like they giving up they rights.
Tween girl #1: Look, I call it divorcing your parents because that's what they called it on The Simpsons so that's why I say it.

Queer #1: That used to be a fun place. Remember that backroom? That was a fun backroom!
Queer #2: Are you nuts? It was a nasty firetrap full of gropey old trolls, people came on me without my permission , and I had my wallet stolen!
Queer #1: True.

Woman: Hi!...Oh, I thought you were someone else.
Man: I am.

Indian mom: Eat your chicken.
Drunk Irishman: Ach, what nice bebbies. I have a child too.
Indian mom: That's nice.
Drunk Irishman: Just the one, though. The doctor told me wife, that's it. No more chidren for you.
Indian mom: I see.
Little girl: Grandma, who is that man?
Indian mom: I'm your mother, not your grandmother.
Drunk Irishman: Her boss made her lift a 500 pound piano all by her self. A tiny woman! A 500 pound piano!
Indian mom: I see.
Drunk Irishman: So no more children. And me one of nine, you know. Including the one deadborn one.

Guy #1: Why did you cut your knish like you're an Asian person?
Girl: Because I'm a !
Guy #2: Anna, you are one crazy cookie.
Man: I have never seen so many chinks in one Starbucks in all my life.
Guy: This is, like, the third time they've made me feel stupid in public. God, I hate Chinese people!

Girl: I think its a complete failure as an expression of ideology, but it is aesthetically pleasing.
Guy: What, circumcision?
Girl: No, Futurism.

Guy #1: So I had ex sex last night.
Guy #2: How was it?
Guy #1: Amazing as always, but now I'm fucked cause she's gonna start calling me again.
Guy #2: Imagine that, you sleep with someone and then they call you...Crazy.

Tween girl: Why isn't she smiling?
Mom: Honey, the French gave her to us. Smiling is an American thing.
Dad: Listen to your mother, she knows a lot.

Girl: Whatever, tell your brother to go back to prison, learn how to read, and then he can talk to me.
Guy: But you egged his car! You egged his fucking car! What kind of bitch eggs someone's car?

Drunk guy: You're the best lookin' thing in here.
Waitress: Number 1, I'm not a thing. Number 2, thanks!

Pizza guy: You can't get a slice, man. Your money is fake
Dude: My money is real. I get it at the bank. Straight from the white man.

HS girl #1: I saw on TV last night they were saying how you can bring people back from the dead.
HS girl #2: Uh, how dead?
HS girl #1: Like Hitler...
HS girl #3: That's crazy. I read the Bible. You can bring people back from the dead.
HS girl #2: , they brought Jesus back from the dead.

Chick #1: Girl, my feets is killin' me. I's goin' home, gettin' in bed, put on the TV. I'm done.
Chick #2: Change your name to Saran, 'cause it's a wrap.

Girl #1: Your room always smells so good, like coconuts and coffee. It reminds me of the Caribbean. What kind of candles do you have?
Girl #2: That's not from a candle. The coconut is from the foot cream I use so my feet don't stink and the coffee smell is there because I spilled some on my carpet and never cleaned it up.
Girl #1: Oh...where can I get the foot cream, then?

Bag lady: Could someone spare some change? My welfare was denied.
Crazy lady: Yeah, yeah, they denied mine the first time too. Get over it.
Man: Does anyone know how to get to--
Crazy lady: They aren't listening, they aren't going to talk to you. They can't talk. They are all mute.

Asian chick: So that's it, then?
Asian guy: Yep.
Asian chick: We're breaking up, then?
Asian guy: Yep.
A few minutes pass.
Asian chick: Hey, you'd look good with that girl up there in the pink checked coat.

Tourist lady #1: Is this it?
Tourist lady #2: I think this is it.
Tourist lady #1: You'd think they'd have signs or something.
Tourist lady #2: Yeah, this must be it, though.

Fratboy: This one is awesome. Chicks love it....or, um, dudes, if you're into that kind of thing.
Suit: I am, thank you.
Fratboy: Awesome. Good save, huh?
Suit: Yeah. Thanks for the recommendation.
Fratboy: Anytime.

Hobo #1: What flavors you got?
Clerk guy: We have regular, orange, raspberry, and vanilla.
Hobo #1: We'll take vanilla.
Hobo #2: Vanilla? What are you, gay?

Store girl: Here's your receipt and have a happy holiday!
Store guy: The holidays are over.
Store girl: Valentine's Day is coming up.
Thug guy: Yo, happy New Year's, man.
Janitor guy: New Year's is over, yo.
Thug guy: Happy Mother's Day!

God Squad man: Jesus saves! Books $1 only.
Guy: Fuck Jesus.
God Squad man: Fuck your mother...and your father. Jesus saves people. Books, $1.

Guy #1: We goin' uptown or downtown?
Guy #2: Nigga, we goin' .
Girl: I went to Boston this weekend. Mostly just to avoid the L train.
Guy: I can't believe I was cockblocked by the L train.

Chick: Are you hungry? I have some leftover vietnamese food you can have.
Hobo: Well, what is it? I'm religious. I don't eat pork.
Chick: There's no pork. It's just vegetarian noodles.
Hobo: Noodles? Nah, I'm trying to cut back on carbs.

Hipster guy: I need a woman to love me so I can alienate her. The love part, that's where it gets difficult.
Girl #1: Oh, come on. It's so easy to find a needy bitch.
Girl #2: Have you tried AA?

Girl #1: I haven't seen our homeless guy lately.
Girl #2: We have a homeless guy?
Girl #1: Yeah, the guy who lives on that mattress under our building.
Girl #2: Oh yeah...I hope he's okay, I haven't seen him all week.
Girl #1: You know you're a New Yorker when you worry about where your homeless guy is.

Drunk guy: If you come in and dance with me, I'll buy you a drink.
Sober girl: No, thanks. There's a five dollar cover.
Drunk guy: If you come in and dance with me, I'll give you five dollars.
Sober girl: I don't dance.
Drunk guy: I think you're hot.
Sober girl: I'm sorry...Watch out. You're setting yourself on fire.
Drunk guy: I'm on fire for you, baby!

Tourist guy: Why do the buildings in New York have water tanks on the
roofs?
Cop guy: I don't know...maybe they knock it over if the building
goes up in flames.

Guy #1: Man, I really need to listen to more rap.
Guy #2: Dude, you don't need to listen; you need to live it.

HS girl: I didn't want to listen to my dad explain sex to my mom.
HS boy: Why would your dad explain sex to your mom?
HS girl: Because my brother asked what the song, "Come my lady, come, come my lady" meant. And mom didn't know.
HS boy: What does that song have to do with sex?
HS girl: You don't ? You're the only person in the world who doesn't know.
HS boy: Your brother didn't know.
HS girl: My brother is 7.

Guy: Yeah, that's the first thing I learned when I moved here: don't eat street meat, it's probably pigeon or something.
Girl #1: Yeah, I wish I could get my husband to stop eating it.
Girl #2: I don't care what kind of meat it is as long as it's in my mouth.
Girl #1: That's my sister; she's looking for a hook-up.
Girl #2: No, I'm not!
Guy: I'm married.

A little tries to stuff his baseball cap in his pants.
Mother: That cap belongs on your head!
Little boy: It on my head.

Teen girl #1: Yeah, I ran away once, 'cause like, my parents were making me study for a science test.
Teen girl #2: Oh my god, you don't have any problems. My parents are making me get a job!
Teen boy: Not having money to buy food is a . Not having an is a problem.

Drunk guy: Don't you with !
Sober woman: ?
Drunk guy: You sleep with a different guy every night!
Sober woman: I do not. What are you talking about?
Drunk guy: You . You want to .
Sober woman: This is ridiculous. I've had enough. I don't have to take this anymore. Goodbye!
She leaves. He turns to the next table.
Drunk guy: Yeah, did you see that girl who just left? I just dumped her. Can I buy you two a drink?

Dude: Do you guys sell bling?
Store guy: All the way in the back, under the skeleton pimp.

Guy: I'm like your gay boyfriend.
Girl: Kind of.
Guy: ...only without the gay sex part, of course.
Girl: Yes, and without the sense of style.
Guy: I don't know if I'd say that...
Girl: See, you're just very emotional. But you should really work on the style, 'cause it's the best thing about the gay.

Woman: Move, motherfuckers, move !
Yuppie guy: Wait for the next one, this is too packed.
Woman: Bitch, I have to be on this train!
Yuppie guy: This isn't the train to heaven, you know. It's, like, going to Queens.

Girl: One pack of Parliament Lights.
Vendor guy: You 18?
Girl: Well, I'm actually 22.
Crazy guy: Girly, you look like you are 10...but it's okay. I like that.

American girl: Yeah, the subway runs express out of Astoria and local into Astoria. It wouldn't make sense any other way. See all the people on the train?
German guy: Why would it only run express one way?
American girl: You're not from here, I don't expect you to understand.

Girl #1: You wanna hear something, like, totally outrageous?
Girl #2: Always!
Girl #1: ...One side of my hair grows faster than the other.
Girl #2: No way! That's weird.
Girl #1: Yeah! Like, the right side grows faster than the left side, and I have to show up at a salon and have them cut off the right side but not the left.
Girl #2: ...You're weird.

Guy: I keep getting screwed over on my haircuts! Last time they left it way too shaggy in the back, and this time it's much too short. I need to find a stylist I can stick with.>
Chick: Hmm, so your hair is like shlong or something.
Guy: Huh?
Chick: Shlong. Like short-long. Shlong.
Guy: Um, well, "shlong" means "penis" in Yiddish. So, uh, ha, ha, no.
Chick: Oh, I didn't know that!
Guy: I sure hope I don't have a penis growing out the back of my head.
Girl #1: So my brother's bar mitzvah is this Saturday and he asked me to cut off my hawk for it so I cut it off, but on Sunday I am going to dye it black with orange tips.
Girl #2: Very Halloween, a bit late
Girl #1: Yeah, but it'll look good.
Hipster guy #1: No way! I thought I passed you the other day, but thought, "Nah, it couldn't be him, he wouldn't grow his hair that long."
Hipster guy #2: Yeah. No. I grew it out, man.
Hipster guy #1: You look like Axl Rose!
Hipster guy #2: It's more of a Southern rock thing really. Like a My Morning Jacket look.

Teen girl #1: Let's go in this store.
Teen girl #2: I don't know...it looks kind of sketch. And there's a weird guy staring at us.
Teen girl #1: Come on! What have we got to lose?
Teen girl #3: Um, our virginity?

Woman: Is that Perhaps?
Man: What?
Woman: Is that Perhaps?
Man: " "?
Woman: Yeah, there's this dog called Perhaps that hangs around here. Yours looks just like it.

Teen boy: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, my name is Dwayne and I am in a program that keeps me and other kids like me off the street. They have us sell candy for $1. All profits go directly to the youth program that keeps us off the street. If you would like to purchase Snickers, Twix or Starburst, they are only $1.
Hobo: Hey, lady! Hey, fat lady! Buy some candy. You like candy, don't you? Fat lady! Get some candy! Get some!
Lady: Asshole.

Girl: Do you smell that? Smells like straight up pussy in this bitch.
Guy: I wouldn't know.
Girl: What do you mean you wouldn't know? It's pussy.
Guy: I wouldn't know. I'm gay.
Girl: Damn, son. So what does dick smell like?
Guy: Wouldn't you know? I mean when you get on your knees?

Queer on cell: So I saw this store that was going out of business...Yeah, so I got a faith and three hopes...Or was it two faiths and three hopes?...Ha, yeah, there wasn't any love or anything. I bet I could sell a faith to Madonna for a hundred million dollars. Like, "Here you go, this is the most religious thing ever. More than you....bitch."...Ha, ha, yeah. "It has holy waters from all over the world. The Pope came on it."

Old man: Don't go see no shows, peoples! Shows is the fruits of the devil's wombs!
Crazy guy: ...And Jesus coming. I know you have heard this before, but this is real. Jesus is coming right now!
Tourist girl: Wait, New York University is a Catholic school?
Businessguy: Those hi-tech bloggers are !
Teen girl: I always thought Gandhi was like back in the time of Jesus.
Guy: You can't spell good without God. God is good. You need God for good. It's good that people down in Louisiana don't have clothes.
Hobo: If the Jehovah's Witnesses won't give you no pussy, then fuck 'em!
Crazy guy: You're gonna burn! You're all gonna burn! The agents of Satan will burn you all!

Guy: They had to cut off my favorite jeans, and my Mike Tyson's Punch Out!! hoodie. I was pissed, man. I made that thing myself. I put the pixelated blood on it and everything. I would have said
something, but you know, I was kind of unconscious.

Cashier chick: You have to take care of yourself now? That's a lot of money, honey; you better start designing clothes or something.
Black woman: Now my life. Fishnet stockings, woo!
Guy on cell: Damn nigga, ! I seriously never even bought a CD, 'cept for blank ones to burn from a spindle. Yeah...Wal-Mart...I'm a mufuckin' pirate! I need a peg leg and an eyepatch an' shit.
Store lady: Look at these people. They try on shoes and then leave them all over the floor. Like this is they house.
Lady: Do you know your shirt's on inside-out?
Teen girl: My face is zippered! I zippered my face! Ahhh!
Driver woman: I can see your underpants!
Guy: Didn't some retard dress up like the Statue of Liberty or something?
Hipster chick: I'll pay ya when we get back to the office. These pants are suede; I can't keep any money in the pockets. I put money in, and it slides right out.

Guy: I don't know what they put in their food, but I took one dump, and then I had to take another!

Guy on cell: But I take a shit!
Man: Have you tried this? It doesn't taste like chocolate. It tastes like shit.
Construction guy: See what I do when I leave here, I get me some milk, and I drink the milk, and all that dust we be breathin' in, I shit it out.
Nurse lady: There's nothing like a little jar of pee sitting on your desk.
Woman on cell: So did they pee pee in the potty?
Chick: The only person's poo I want to be smelling is my own.
Dad: The third rail will make you go buzz...My friend knew a guy who got drunk, pissed on the track, electrocuted himself and died.
MTA woman: ...and you know what else you can't eat when you're going to be working the front of the train? Welch's grape juice. You'll get the worst shits ever!

Hobo: Hold the train! I'm just going to go get some sugar for my coffee!

Hobo: Care to make a donation to the Broke Ass Foundation?
Hobo: I got one thing to say to you: "Thank you." And...I got two things to say to you: "Thank you" and "Flame on!"
Hobo: Hey...I'm gonna rob you...then I'm gonna lick your twat!
Hobo: , spare some change for a homeless pirate!
Hobo: Spare change, please?...Have a nice day...I'm sorry you can't read...Have a nice day.
Hobo: All right everybody! Let's all donate to the 99 Niggers
Are Homeless Fund!
Hobo: I accept anything in bills, no change please. Your one dollar can buy me 6 chicken nuggets from McDonalds. Five dollars can buy me a whole meal. Ten dollars can get me some nice booze so for a couple of hours I don't have to think about doing this again tomorrow.
Hobo: Man, I told you I wanted a latte. Ain't nobody listens these days.
Hobo: Why you got a skirt on? Why you showin' your legs? You know guys like legs, I bet you don't even have a pussy under there!
Hobo: If you don't give me money you'll turn out like me.
Hobo: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I'm not feeling so good today so I'm going to make this quick. Relax, miss, this is not a robbery.
Hobo: Can you spare a dime? Do I look like Malcolm X to you? Do I look like Brother Malcolm? If Brother Malcolm was here, would you give him a dime? Hell no !
Hobo: Excuse me ma'am, where is Iraq? You got a map? Tell me, where is Iraq? How you gonna send American troops there if ya don't even know where the damn place is ? Where is Iraq? You don't mind that I'm drinking, do ya, ma'am? Where is Iraq ? Someone tell me!
UHO guy: Spare some money for the homeless! Every penny counts! Spare some money...Yeah, that little piece of paper is going to help.
Hobo: Hey, do you have any change to spare?...Hey, that's a nice coat, can I have it?
Hobo: Fuck you! I ain't waitin' on line for no fuckin' soup! If I'm gonna kiss anyone's ass, it's gonna be my own...Bobblehead!

Woman: I mean, what kind of person marches their daughter into their sixth grade class and announces that their daughter just ate a whole chicken? Who does that? I never forgave her for that.

Guy: If I ever become a cannibal, now I'll know what cuts of meat to ask for.
Guy: I had a turkey injected with pomegranate juice once. It was very delicious.
Chick on cell: Yeah, if I'm really hungry it doesn't matter about morals anymore, I'll just dive right into bacon, anything. forget about the vegan thing. So for god's sake don't ever leave me alone with bacon. Or human.
Girl: So I actually tried garlic knots one day when I wasn't high and I was like, "Wow, these good...and there's really garlic on them, too!"
Teen girl: I'm hungry. Not hungry like I want to eat, but hungry.
Italian lady: When I was young, my mother used to make so much carbonated food.
Man: Hey, can I have a pizza with no cheese?
Chick on cell: This day is going by fucking slow; it's only 1:30PM...My eye is going to fall out! So what do you want for dinner again?
Walkie talkie: Attention all units, attention all units...Does anyone want Chinese food?
Girl: Ew! Ew! I work at McDonalds; they spit in all your food, I swear to God.

Chick: Don't get too close to Paul because if he busts ass it's going to smell like Y2K!

Announcement: Please do not disturb the canine dogs.

Little girl: We used to have a bunny just like that one! Then we had to take it to the liquor store.
Man: My dog tail is too long. I wanna cut it off.
Girl: I just got a Friendster request from a dog.
Woman on cell: Everyone has a fucking pit bull...it's like everyone on MySpace suddenly got a pit bull.
Hipster guy: You know, now that I don't have a girlfriend, I should get a dog. Isn't that how it works?
Woman: She was happier than a pig having 50 orgasms!
Guy: So we were talking about how warm it was out. So he says, "That stupid fucking groundhog is always wrong!", and I says, "You stupid fucking bastard, that ain't 'til February!"
Girl: You're like a hamster in bed!
Lady: Watch it, mister ! I've got two dogs here. Animals can't see you know!

Blind man: Come on, follow me.

Little girl: Follow me! I'm riding into the future!
Intercom: ...You are requested to be at your gate for your non-stop flight to JFK, New York.
Woman: Red fist. Can't go.
Mom: Quit fucking around on the sidewalk!
Store chick: Next guest with 10 items or less, step down. Not ten and a half, ten.
Guy: Gangstas coming out? What the fuck is that?
Guy on cell: Let's face it. I'm pretty fabulous; I don't need you to come down.

Girl on cell: I know! $100 for pills that aren't even for something that important....it's not like they're AIDS pills!

Chick on cell: He says it's better, but I just say it's cheaper.
Man on cell: It's insane. Eighty percent of twenty-five. Take thirty off of that. Dude, I'm looking at houses. I mean, fuck it.
Man: You tell her that I'll lower it down to $50 for her, and you can assure her, she'll be satisfied at least 3 times.
Guy: You just spent $200 on dinner and you can't spend $2 on a MetroCard?
Girl: Yeah, so I was talking to the guys about getting a pull-out couch so I could stay over, but then Max said I would have to give sexual favors for money if I wanted to stay there.
Girl: Excuse me, are you selling Freud by any chance?

Girl: The fuckin' R train is a motherfuckin' myth. I swear to god, it's the fuckin' unicorn: only fools and virgins can see it.

Dude: I wish I had a shyster lawyer!
Man: Eh. You know, it's my fantasy in life just to be left alone.
Teen boy: I hope the new Xbox has a vagina.
Bouncer guy: I really cried, yo. I thought wrestling was real.
Guy: "Close my eyes and think of England?" In all my born days, I never thought someone would ever say that to me...Then, I met you.
Drunk girl: I wanna like move to a faraway island with a mute sex slave and lots of indigenous pot...That's all I really need because I can talk to them and they can hear...But they can't respond...And they'll just express themselves through sex...Like when they're mad it will get rough...and when they arent mad it will be gentle like the motherfucking ocean.
Magician guy: So you're taping 4 to 5 people in a row? That's great. I
wish my girlfriend could do that. Just kidding.

Guy: If Hitler were still alive and he were gay you would have thought he'd decorated that apartment. It was a soulless aesthetic abomination.

Guy: Yeah, me neither; if you are ugly you at least have to be nice.
Chick on cell: I saw a woman with half a head. Literally half a head. She had this indentation in her left hemisphere where they had taken out her skull to remove her brain. I almost barfed. But I didn't.
Artist guy: C'mon honey, I'll draw your picture, make you look like Chewbacca.
Black guy on cell: Shit, man....Nah, I can't do it...Shit man, nigga look like Mumm-Ra from the Thundercats.
Guy: Carson Daly looks like a colostomy bag...with cocoa butter on it.
Girl: And every time she'd yell at me for something I just wanted to be like, "Shut up, you're ugly."
Guy: You know when you look at someone and you can just tell they're a douchebag, like they have a douchebag face? Yeah, I hate people like that.

Southern girl: I got guys asking me to send them pictures of my cooter. It's like guys know when you're taken; they flock to you like bees to moldy bread.

Chick: You know who's got it tough? Those girls in Africa getting there clits cut off...I mean sometimes I can't afford a cup of coffee but at least I still have my clit.
Construction guy: I that woman. Man, I worship the ground between her legs.
Chick: Well, I'm not going to eat just anyone's pussy, but I'm going to with strangers.
Chick on cell: I just described my pussy as "vagically delicious," and I wanted to leave you a message because I thought you would appreciate that.
Girl: Ew, that felt like vaginal secretion!
Hipster girl: Just tell him you have genital sores.
Chick on cell: I'm PMSing, so like, don't take it personally.

Guy: Omigod dude, the main detective guy from Law & Order: SVU guest stars as a pediatrician on ! I could never imagine him doing the things he's doing right now.
Girl: No dude, omigod, you know he was on and he was a gay prisoner and he liked getting it in the ass and giving it too. That's extreme, man.

Queer: But wait, is English a race?
Guy passerby: Holy shit, that's going on Overheard tomorrow.

Bike guy: Hey girl, I really like your red hair
Chick: Yeah, me too. That's why I dye it. But I don't like it nearly as much as I like not being interrupted when I am tryng to talk to someone.

Cabbie: Are you going this way? I'm not turning around!
Chick: What the..? I'm not hitchhiking, I'm fucking paying you, and if I tell you to turn around you damn well better turn around!
He drives away.
Chick: Yeah, fuck you too, cunty Mr. Crack Whore.
Hipster guy: Lady, you need therapy.
Chick: Man, you need to stop sucking dick. And a haircut.

Teen girl: Wow, that's pretty big.
Teen guy: And it won't stop growing.
Teen girl: I think you need a doctor.
Teen guy: Oh yeah? What am I supposed to say? "Hey doc, my penis just won't stop growing"? Yeah, right.
Teen girl: Uh...maybe you shouldn't say that out loud.

Girl #1: There's no way I could get that guy. He is absolutely gorgeous!
Girl #2: What do you think you are? An omelette?

Sarah Jessica Parker: No honey, that's the litterbox. That's where the
kitty goes pee-pee and poo-poo.

Girl #1: What language are they singing in? Is that German?
Girl #2: No, it's European.

HS girl #1: Well, I do want people cloning me. Unless God came to me in a dream and said, "Pilar, you need to clone yourself so that you can live again and save the world", then I will. But otherwise, I do want people cloning me. Because if you get cloned you know you have to relive all your same problems and stuff. Isn't that how cloning works? Anyways, cloning is stupid.
HS girl #2: Yeah, cloning is stupid. Why haven't they been working on a cure for AIDS or breast cancer? They just want to make everyone die so they can clone them.

Girl #1: Ew, that horse is peeing.
Girl #2: Dude...that is a of pee.

Old woman: What, you want to push me out the window?
Old man: I would, but unfortunately you won't fit.
Old woman: Bastard.

Clerk guy: Has anyone in this room been convicted of a felony? Come up to the front desk.
Husband: Okay, I'm going to go up there.
He returns 5 minutes later.
Husband: Hey, I'm all done. I told you you should've murdered someone, you'd be out too!

Girl: We can't have sex until we get married.
Guy: Sex is a form of marriage.
Girl: But we're not ready to get married.
Guy: Your mom.

Chick #1: Fucking shit, man, this bitch is kicking our asses!
Chick #2: You just used four different curse words in one sentence .

Girl #1: So this is the man you want to marry?
Girl #2: Yeah.
Girl #1: And you said there were many maggots on the turkey?

Guy: My dog is so racist. She is scared of black people. But she also hates the black people of dogs.
Girl: What does that even mean?
Guy: Pugs.

Hobo: Hey, can you spare 20 cents?
Girl: Sorry
Hobo: Okay, 30 cents...40 cents...50 cents, but that's my final offer.

Hobo: Can you spare a hundred bucks?
Guy: A hundred bucks?
Hobo: What the hell am I going to do with a quarter?
Hobo: Y'know what I'd do if I was rich?
Girl: What?
Hobo: Buy a Big Mac.
Girl: But you already have a Big Mac...
Hobo: Oh, this is all theatrical. I only have a dollar...Can you spare some change?
Hobo: Got any spare change?
Lady: No.
Hobo: Well, I take dollars too. Give me your phone, we can discuss it later.
Hobo: Can you spare some money?
Girl: No, sorry, I don't have any change.
Hobo: That's okay, I take dollar bills, too. No credit cards or checks.

Mom: ...so I was making a roast, but the thing was that I only had chicken stock gravy. Chicken stock gravy! So I it! On the beef!
Chick: You live on the edge, Mom.

Woman: Our biggest problem with sex was that he came too fast, because he was so into me. So now he uses desensitizing condoms, and that works a lot better, especially because it takes me a really long time to have an orgasm with him.
Woman: I was really anxious, so I went to my GP and she prescribed Klonopin. That completely took my anxiety away, but then my doctor said that she didn't feel that that was a good long-term drug. I guess I agree with that. I did take one Klonopin on the plane yesterday, but that was okay because it was just a recreational Klonopin.
Woman: Now that I'm a wife I thought I should be more proper, but it turns out he likes me slutty.
Woman: I think the most passionate sex I will ever have will be during some really passionate adulterous affair. I would have to make a really conscious decision not to have an affair; it would be like fourth-order cognition.

Man: Wait, so you're on Law & Order ?
Epatha Merkerson: Mm-hmm.
Man: Wow, I don't watch the show, but my son and daughter do. What's your name? I'll have to tell them I saw you.
Epatha Merkerson: Epatha.
Man: Epala?
Epatha Merkerson: Epatha.
Man: Epasa?
Epatha Merkerson: E-path-a
Man: Ensala? Maybe I should write this down, I'm sure I'll forget. Emana, you said?

Guy #1: If I had a dollar for every time I saw her blowing a guy...
Guy #2: You'd have a lot of dollars?
Guy #1: One.

Lady: Oh, there's sales tax when you register a car?
DMV woman: Yeah, ther'e sales tax. You can't buy nuthin' without payin' no sales tax.
Lady: Well, this is the first car I've ever bought. Didn't I already
pay sales tax when I bought the car? I don't understand. What if I don't have the money? I don't have that kind of money on me. I waited an hour on this line for nothing. What do I do now?
DMV woman: Honey, we ain't got no installment plan.

Hobo: I need some money to buy food. Please help a brother out with any change you have.
Little girl: Hey mister, you were just in here.
Hobo: No, I wasn't. All homeless people don't look the same, you know!
Little girl: But you all dress the same.

Teen girl #1: You know, the Special Olympics?
Teen girl #2: Special Olympics?
Teen girl #1: Yeah, Olympics for the retarded people.
Teen girl #2: You mean the wheelchair people that fight with each other?

Hipster girl #1: So you're still writing songs and performing?
Hipster girl #2: Uh huh.
Hipster girl #1: And you're also acting, right? And modeling too?
Hipster girl #2: Yeah.
Hipster girl #1: Which would you say you're most passionate about?
Hipster girl #2: I guess I'd have to say the modeling.
Chick: You've had the greatest sex with me. Right?
Guy: Yeah. I guess...

Guy: I'm tellin' ya, if a girl's bathroom is dirty, that means that
her pussy ain't too clean, too.
Girl #1: Well, I have a clean bathroom.
Girl #2: Well, I'd be surprised if you said you have a dirty bathroom
after this conversation.

Man #1: You dropped your glove, sir.
Man #2: That's how they caught O.J. Simpson, man!

A guy stands up and vomits in the middle of the restaurant.
Guy #2: Seriously...you might wanna rethink this All-You-Can-Drink Sunday buffet.

Little girl: Mommy, my ears hurt!
Mom: That's your third strike! I said stop!
She hits her daughter.
Little girl: That didn't hurt.
Mom: I will kill you right now, don't tell me that didn't hurt.

God Squad guy: Jesus is the answer! Come to Jesus and he'll hold you in his arms! Come home to Jesus!
Guy #2: By the way, just so you know, the rest of us all think you're fucking nuts !
overheard by: tourist girl

Guy: You know what's really gross? Seeing the rats that get run over by the subway cars. They're all split open and stuff.
Girl: This one time I saw a rat get washed up on the shore. He was missing all his skin.
Guy: Did he look happy?
Girl: No.

Bartender guy: Yo dude, block the door with your foot for a minute.
He does. Bartender guy then proceeds to cut a line on the top of the urinal, snort it, and return to work.

Station lady: Go down those stairs over there, and the track is on your left.
Old woman: Where?
Station lady: Down those stairs, on your left.
Old woman: Thank you! I wish I had your job.
Station lady: You couldn't handle my job.

Hobo #1: You got more teeth than me.
Hobo #2: Yeah, I got six, but three of them are broken.
Hobo #1: You got six and a half.

Guy: Hi, I need to go to Nutley, New Jersey. I know that the 192 bus goes, but--
Ticket woman: Don't make yourself too comfortable, just ask.

Girl: Do you all have a financial planner? I think it's very important.
Guy: I didn't go to Harvard Business School just to let some guy from Cornell manage my money.

Chick #1: I hate taking subways. They're so gross!
Chick #2: I know! So many dirty, smelly people. And it's so expensive.
Chick #1: Yeah, $2 is a lot of money.
Guy: Yeah, well, if you can find someone else to cart your ass around this city for $2, be my guest.

Drunk chick #1: I have the best blind date story ever.
Drunk chick #2: Oh yeah?
Drunk chick #1: My sister's friend flew from Australia to LA for a blind date, and she ended up flying to Aruba with the guy and marrying him like a week later.
Drunk chick #2: Wow. That's awesome!
Drunk chick #1: But I think she was just, like, 35 and desperate to get married.

Two hobos are passing a bottle.
Woman: You can't do that! This is a passenger train...The blood of Jesus Christ! You can't do that; this is a passenger train! You need to find Jesus!...That is the devil's drink. By the blood of Jesus you need to repent!
Hobo #1: Lady, I am the devil.
Woman: You can't do that on a passenger train! If I see a police I will have you arrested!
Hobo #2: You wanna borrow my cell phone?

Guy: I just geeked out my profile by a million percent. What do you think?
Girl: Hold up, let me check...
Guy: So what do you think?
Girl: Yeah, that Evangelion child shit is weird.
Guy: Like how weird?

Teen boy: Do you have any matches?
Counter lady: Can I see ID?
Teen boy: You need ID for matches? For just matches?
Counter lady: I can't give you matches without ID.
Teen boy: ID for matches...what the fuck is this world coming to?
Cashier chick: "You've got cigarettes, but you don't have matches? That don't make sense!" We sell lighters, stupidass. Buy one.

Mom: Shit, I ain't paying for peak hours.
Tween girl: I can hide in the bathroom.
Mom: Or you can flash him.

Woman #1: So my mom is all depressed because of the Hurricane Katrina stuff, and she says she has no time to take care of herself. And I say, "It's just a call to duty, Mom." I mean, if she'd go to the beauty parlor...
Woman #2: The beauty parlor probably got destroyed.
Woman #1: Yes, and they had to build a new one. And I say, if she just goes in there and has them...fix her hair, or something...she'll feel so much better!

Girl: Hey honey, slow down. My feet hurt and I'm cold.
Guy: Why don't you shut the fuck up and walk? I want to go the fuck home, bitch.

Tourist lady #1: Sweeney Todd ...I heard that's a spoof on a cooking show.
Tourist lady #2: Oh, is it about Julia Child?
Tourist lady #1: I think so.

Girl #1: ...so, my professor started talking about The Diary of Anne Frank .
Girl #2: Oh, Anne Frank! I used to love her! I had the diary, the notebooks and the pencils and everything.
Queer: ?
Girl #1: I think she means Lisa Frank.

Dad: Did you bring your book?
Teen boy: Yeah.
Dad: Oh good; that way we don't have to talk.

Woman #1: He's crazy.
Woman #2: No, no, no. See, when you say "crazy" I'm thinkin' , like smashing-car-windows crazy.
Chick #1: I know he's crazy.
Chick #2: Right, so you should be able to be like, "He's crazy", and
leave him.
Chick #1: But I'm used to his level of craziness.

Teen Asian boy: So, the spelling bee--
Teen Indian girl: Was one of the kids Indian?
Teen Asian boy: Yeah, there was an Indian kid and a white kid.
Teen Indian girl: So typical. My parents entered me in a spelling bee and I was fucking horrible.
Teen Asian boy: Ha, ha, ha! Anyway, there were those two kids and I just wanted to throw PlayStations at them and yell, "I'm setting you free! I'm setting you free!"

Yarmulke man: Excuse me, where does this train go to?
Do-rag guy: Florida.
Yarmulke man: Florida? Texas? California?
Do-rag guy: Yep.
Yarmulke man: Okay! Good.

Woman #1: You ever just have one of those days ?
Woman #2: Yeah.
Woman #1: I'm having a whole week. I swear to god. And I just walked here from...Oh, forget it.
Woman #2: Oh.
Woman #1: And now I can't even find my makeup! I swear to god, if they don't have it, I'm gonna fucking...I don't know!...I'll fucking kill a tourist!
Woman #2: Oh, I hope it's not me!...Ha, ha, ha!
5 minutes later.
Woman #2: That's her! That's her! That's the New Yorker who cursed at me and threatened me!
Woman #3: It's like seeing one in their natural habitat! I can't wait to tell everyone a New Yorker threatened you!
Woman #2: I know! It's awesome!

Girl #1: It's so cool that we get to ride the train all day for free.
Girl #2: Yeah, I guess so.
Girl #1: We should just ride it all day to like, take advantage.
Girl #2: Ha, ha! Oh my god, that's so Jewish.

Chick #1: You know why guys don't like mushrooms?
Chick #2: Who said guys don't like mushrooms?
Chick #1: Because they taste like cum!

Guy #1: I bought my dad a Clint Eastwood biography for Christmas. I feel like that's a pretty solid bet for any dad. Clint, Frank Sinatra, maybe Brando.
Guy #2: What about James Dean?
Guy #1: Yeah, I guess. What about that Vin Diesel?
Guy #3: You are seriously obsessed, dude.
Guy #1: Don't hate on the Diesel. Ooh, you know who everyone loves? That Anne Frank.
Woman: Anne Frank was a lesbo.

Guy #1: I couldn't not buy it.
Guy #2: Yeah, I'm thinking about it too. It's totally worth it.
Guy #1: I mean, there are two real porn stars in it. If it was just one, I could have passed it up.
Guy #2: Yeah, man. But for that price, you almost have to do it!

Girl: Say, for instance, if somebody killed your mother and you killed theirs to get back at him--
Guy: Don't even such a thing! You're talking to fucking Oedipus here.

Woman: The color of the car is not burgundy; it's purple.
Man: No, I think it's burgundy.
Woman: No, it's purple. I should know what purple is, I used to have purple hair.
Man: ...You had purple hair?...When did you have purple hair?

Chick: Oh my god, my hair is so dark!
Stylist guy: Does it look fake?
Chick: No, I just didn't know it would be this dark.
Stylist guy: Well, it will look lighter when your hair dries.
Chick: ?

Girl #1: Marilyn Monroe is, like, one of my idols.
Girl #2: Wait, isn't he that guy with the glass eye?
Girl #1: Um...no.

Man #1: Honey, we don't have to see Memoirs of a Geisha . You lived it, didn't you?
Woman: You just know the right things to say!
Man #2: Some people make me wish that snow outside was really acid.

Woman: Yo, my cousin is going to be on American Idol .
Guy: Wow, she any good?
Woman: No, she's terrible, she sounds like a dying seal.

Girl #1: Where did you hear that? What news have been watching?
Girl #2: Canadian.

Black guy: You would like him 'cause he looks like a gorilla, and they are from the Amazon like you.
White girl: Dummy, gorillas are from Africa; you of all people
should know that.

Chick: I wish it would snow so I could make a Kate Moss joke.

Dad: If you start to get blown away, just drop the umbrella.
Guy: The sun is nice today.
Guy: I really liked the wind on that block. It was bearable.
Guy: Ha, ha, Mother Nature's a bitch, and she just gave you a blowjob!
Woman: My husband has this hierarchy of terrible things that can happen to a person, and you wanna know what tops off his list? According to him, the number one most horrible thing that can ever happen to a person is getting snow on your wrists.

Old lady: She came to me and said, "We the people of the 15th floor have decided that you are not friendly." And I said, "That's not in the lease."

Guy: Don't ever give up your dreams. This is New York. It's not even about the numbers. I've come too far to give up my dreams. Don't give up your dreams...So Canal Street is this way?

Tourist woman: Now this is the New York! This is the New York you see on TV!
Teen girl: New York is the best country in the world.
Vendor guy: You go to Chelsea and it's like glory hole city!
Girl: Stop turning it! It could fall over on you! And it's got points!
Jewish mom: You guys live in a very silly place. Brooklyn. That's silly. Everyone left with the Dodgers.
College guy on cell: Hi, Dad! Yeah, it's good. Seen a couple shows, went to some museums, gonna get something to eat...

Teen girl: This is, like, intellectual popcorn.

Drunk guy: Hey! Hey! Girl in the red shirt!...Prettiest girl on the whole train!...A:d look at this- she can read, too!
Guy: This is just bullshit. Or whatever the Hebrew for "bullshit" is.
Teen boy: Dinosaurs are so stupid!
Woman: Have you ever tried to talk about thesis statements to people who have their fingers up their noses?
Girl: So, it works out. You like girls who are as smart as you are. He likes girls who are smarter than he is, and likes girls who are, well, dumber than he is.
Guy: I definitely liked Picasso more when he was freaking out.
Guy: I be readin' that Shakespeare shit, yo! He talkin' 'bout some "Epoxy dat wench", and "Wherefore to thou."
Thief guy: You can't touch me. I know my rights. I'm an educated criminal; I'm your worstest nightmare.
Guy on cell: I'll have to call you back from a landline, can you give me the number? Uh huh...uh huh...uh huh...you know what? I don't have a pen to write this down, does it spell anything?

Girl on Nextel: Oh baby, you shoulda woke me up...We coulda done the do again.

Girl on cell: But I really want Chase...I guess I'll have to call him back and tell him to put it in my butt.
Guy: I should call her. She's probably taking off her pants right now.
Guy: You know, for a vegetarian you sure have a lot of man meat.
Black chick: And what is wrong with having a threesome with an Asian ?
Chick on cell: ...the food came, and then so did I.
Store guy: French girls will just come up to your apartment and get naked fast.
Chick: I was pulling boys in closets six months ago to make out with them. That's what happens to horny girls who don't get the kind of attention they need!

Girl on cell: No...Well yes, you call me back, just not between the hours of 8 and 10PM... Why do you think? It's Jack Bauer Power Hour!....Uh, times 2. It's going to be motherfucking terrorist-kicking time. That whispering bad ass mofo is going to be going on strong tonight for 2 hours. Praise ! ! ! Jacky should be the father of my children. I will however totally call you directly after the show.

Guy: So I said, " I do not look like John Lithgow !"
Tourist lady: I prefer musicals with singing in them.
Woman: No, man. You don't understand. I mean his tongue was so fucking far inside of her...That guy is a good actor.
Guy: Well, if I put up a fat picture of me...I still wouldn't do anything about it.
Girl: I had a few drags on New Year's Eve, and woke up the next morning sounding like Tara Reid.
Black chick: I'm the oldest of all my siblings. I feel like Moesha.
Girl: It's okay, but I don't understand why he doesn't get caught.
Queer on cell: The Phantom of the Opera ? Are you kidding? That cast is so white it makes you want to puke. They are so lily white it makes me sick.

Waitress: I just don't get it. Like, how can you be infatuated with me when you don't even know me?

Chick: He won't marry her, but they'll probably get engaged.
Chick on cell: ...I finally figured out why I take solace in so many other men. They have been my refuge and it's because I love him so much!
Woman: In all this time you've only had three things to talk about, and they were all things that I told you!
Woman on cell: I woke up and I looked down and there were bite marks all over my boobs and I had a wicked bad hangover. Then I rolled over, kissed the guy on the forehead, and said, "Thanks for the orgasm" and then just left 'cause I was totally having my mattress delivered that day.

Little boy: My favorite part of the game is when I get to kill, but you only get to kill other people in the wilderness.

Gangsta chick: I'm in love with you and you say you gonna shoot me in the face? What's up with that?
Girl on cell: Lemme tell ya, she gonna be alive by next Christmas...That's a fact...Not if I have anything to do with it... What you lookin' at ?
Suit: ...and it was just in time. My wife was going to kill my father, I mean just kill him.
Guy: Did you know if they found out who tried to blow up that Starbucks?

Man on cell: Hello?...Yeah, I'm at the movies...Yeah, I know...I'm in the fucking theater!...I don't care if she needs brain surgery, I'm at the movies!

Chick: Maybe I'm just not used to watches, or maybe it cancer.
Guy on cell: So I had to go to the doctor to take care of my excessive earwax problem.
Old man: Here, give this to your kid. I'm sure he's into castration, masturbation, amputation, and getting AIDS on purpose.
Chick: You have to watch out for those pre-cancerous lesions. You know, those can lead to cancer.

Guy on cell: So how many Mexicans trying to seduce you?

Woman: These are nice, but they just look like Puerto Rico.
Woman: I speak better Spanish after a shot of tequila.
Construction guy: Spanish niggas can't swim. You ain't neva heard of no Spanish Jacques Cousteau or nothin'.
Girl: Aw shit! I guess L.E.S. stands for "Look, Everyone's Spanish!"

Chick on cell: Mother! That duvet situation is a nightmare!

Driver guy: Bitch, that's my spot! Move your fag ass Mercedes out of my spot!
Lady: My kids aren't used to this; they're used to the Hamptons.
Woman: Fine. But she lives in the land of cheap and pretty jewelry.
Guy: Yeah, I got $25; that looks big when it's all singles.
Crazy guy: A prince! Another prince! Princesses, princesses, look, two more princesses! Ya'll are some lucky princes, got so many princesses. Now don't let these girls drink or smoke and get them home before midnight.
Hipster guy: It's gonna be sweet when I get that Marvel Comics check! When I get that Marvel Comics check, I'm gonna copy it so I can put it up on my wall!

Preggers: My baby's so low she can help me walk up steps. .

Woman on cell: That's bullshit! You know what I am saying? I mean, it's not my fault he signed the birth certificate.
Dude: Dad, wait. You mean they ran out of fetuses?
Man on cell: Yeah man, the doctor said she's only 36 weeks pregnant, but the baby is at 40 weeks. She could drop that thing right quick.
Woman: When my son was born he was very hairy, so I had terrible heartburn.
Guy on cell: Man, you're married. You can't be doin' that shit...She was hot, right?... ?...Man, Pampers are intense.

Girl: I heard on CNN today that this woman in France just received the first successful face transplant after she was mauled by her Labrador. They replaced like her whole nose and lips and chin or something.
Guy: Whoa.
Girl: I know!
Guy: I mean, I thought Labradors were, like, really friendly.

Little girl: Don't pull my hair!
Mom: I wasn't! I was just holding on.
Little girl: To my hair?

Tween boy: So he said, "Sex is a very beautiful thing, you shouldn't be ashamed about it."
Tween girl: Sex is a beautiful thing. Your parents had sex...or you were adopted.

Hobo: Hey, can you spare me something?
Girl: Like what?

Indian chick: So I was watching VH1 and it was a show about child stars. You know, Drew Barrymore, Jodie Foster--
Asian chick: What? Jodie Foster was a child star?
Indian chick: Yeah. She was a child prostitute at like, 13, and they made a movie about it and everything.
Indian chick: Lookit that chart. They're ranking condoms, see? Trojan Magnum, then Regular Trojans, then Trojan Ultra Sheer, then Durex Regular, then Lifestyles, and then Lifestyle Ultra-Sensitive, see?
Asian chick: Mmm. Trojan Ultra Sheers, yeah.
Indian chick: But Durex has at least one more that should go in there! Durex has a Magnum too and it's really good.
Asian chick: So yeah, what's their deal?
Indian chick: Like, it' all about how well they endure. Not how much pleasure they give. Fucking government chart.
Indian chick: Anyway. I'm definitely thinkin' about havin' my kids in a foreign country. Like, dual citizenship. Just take a semester off, fly to Britain for a month, and voila.
Asian chick: That's the craziest thing I've ever heard. What for?
Indian chick: They just come out cooler, that's all.

Guy #1: Dude, I really want crab salad.
Guy #2: Okay.
Guy #1: I really want some crab salad. It's only five forty-nine per pound here! I think Im going to get a pound. I really want crab salad.
Guy #2: Dude, why don't you just eat out Ada?

Hobo: Hey look, I almost forgot my umbrella!...I came all the way back from the liquor store to get it. Hey look, a quarter!
Dude: Your day keeps getting better, doesn't it?

Teen girl: Is that the Italian Embassy? I think it is. I'm pretty sure that's the Italian Embassy.
Mom: I have no idea.
Teen girl: I think it is. No...Oh, that's Versace.
Mom: What's Versace?
Teen girl: It's like Coach...or Prada.
Mom: You always know about the expensive brands.

Guy #1: Oh my god, I know. I heard Versace is having a huge sale!
Man: Shut up, you damn queer!
Guy #2: He's just mad because he can't even Versace.

Nancy Bass: I'm pleased to welcome David Foster Wallace to our store. Recently, in the New York Times , renowned reviewer Ma...cocoa... Kaku...chooni...?
Thereupon David Foster Wallace gave the thumbs up.

Professor guy: Remember, next week's exam will cover all the material from the past three weeks.
Chick: Uh, 'scuse me? When are we going to get to the Zodiac signs?
Professor guy: Um, you do know this is astronomy and not astrology, right?

B&T guy: Did you get home okay in the snow last night?
B&T girl: Yeah, but drinking and driving should be an Olympic sport!
B&T guy: That's why you should've just smoked.

Guy: Yo, are we takin' the elevator upstairs, or what?
Girl: No, lazy-ass. We takin' the stairs.
Guy: Yo, I done told you that I just ate and I don't wanna work it off!

Dude #1: So, like I was saying, there are red ninjas, blue ninjas, green ninjas, and obviously black ninjas.
Dude #2: Who the hell would want to be a green ninja?
Dude #1: Maybe if you were in the jungle.
Dude #2: Genius!

Girl: Oh look, this would be cute for the baby.
Guy: What baby?

Woman: Well, they can run like $400 a ticket.
Man: $400 a ticket ? Christ, woman, you're gonna make me have a baby!

Guy: I haven't brushed my teeth in 48 hours.
Girl: Ew, that's so gross.
Guy: Hey, you're the one that's kissing me. Want to see some plaque?

MC guy: So...you've probably been out hitting the New Year's sales...What's the next holiday to get its own sale? Martin Luther King, Jr. Day? I wonder how they'll promote that sale.
Audience guy: ... Free at last !

White guy on cell: Yo, shit nigga, this shit the bomb!
Black guy: If you close your eyes, he almost sounds like the real deal.

Guy: Nigga can tell a dishonest nigga by how eloquent he is. If a nigga ain't eloquent, it means he don't know how to bullshit. Eloquent nigga knows how to bullshit, which means he probably be lyin' all the time. Always trust a nigga who ain't eloquent.
Teen boy #1: You can't be sounding smart like that. Girls ain't into niggas who talk smart and shit. They into dumb niggas these days. Teen boy #2: I wonder why.
Teen boy #1: I dunno. Maybe they just into their personality and
shit.
Lady: Why all these niggas always callin' people niggas all the time?
Man: Yo! What the fuck are you lookin' at?
Suit: Would it hurt for you to speak respectably to others?
Man: Nigga what? Are you black? You looks black, but dat must just be black paint on yo' skin!
Suit: Never mind. I apologize. I'm sorry.
Man: You sorry ? Don't say sorry to me! Say sorry to yo momma! Call her up right now! Say sorry dat you lost yo' real color!
Black woman: They wouldn't do this to the crackers downtown.
Black guy #1: I ain't going to no college, my role as a nigger is clear, I tellin' you, my role as a nigger is clear.
Black guy #2: But you got brains, man, you got brains, you got to study.
Black guy #1: No, you kiddin' me? No, my role as a nigger is clear, my role as a nigger is clear, I got women and I got kids, I got lotsa kids, I ain't doin no study. My role as a nigger is clear, my role as a nigger is clear, I'm sayin', my role as a nigger is clear.
Black guy #2: Yeah, you right, man.
Woman: Open the fucking door, you bitch!
MTA lady: I said , "Hold on!"
Woman: I've been holding on for five minutes, open the goddamn door!
MTA lady: No! And now I'm not opening it!
Woman: What, you think you white or something?
Black guy: Ban the cell phone! That's right, the cell phone is a public nuisance! The white man comes in with his technology and makes a mess of the world. I don't wanna hear about your friend, I don't wanna know your friend. I don't wanna know you. Why do I got to hear about your friend? And where you're gonna meet your friend? Let me tell you something. White man done took over the world. Back in the days black man ruled the world and called his name Pharaoh.
Teen boy: Fellas! Fellas! Keep up the good work. No, seriously. I love black people! But here's what I'm trying to say...We're from Africa. The sun is our commodity. The white man, they from Europe. You can't farm in Europe! It's too cold! So we them how to farm. And what did they do? They mastered that shit with machines. You see what I'm trying to say? The white man, what he did is he compromised our manhood with that slavery shit! You see what I'm trying to say? I see more Uncle Toms every day than I do black
people trying to work. You see what I'm trying to say?
Black guy: I'm gonna knock you motherfuckers out. I'm fuckin' itching to knock a white motherfucker out.
Guy #1: You know why we ain't git no respect? Bad marketing!
Guy #2: What?
Guy #1: I mean, "We Shall Overcome"? Bitch, slogan should have been "We Shall Kick Yo Ass ." we'd be gettin some respect today.
White guy: Those fuckin' niggers. I fuckin' swear it's always those fucking niggers. They are the ones raping and killing our white little girls. I fucking swear, put a fucking white girl in the South Bronx and you fuckin' see what the fuck they do to that girl's body.
White guy: He just sucks so bad.
Black guy: All black people suck.
Black woman #1: This is ghetto
Black woman #2: Yeah, ghetto. Ghetto white.
Little boy: I don't wanna sit next to white people.
Performer guy #1, #2 & #3: White people, you have nothing to be afraid of! We are only three black men! We cannot hurt all of you!
B&T girl: I couldn't believe that shit. Black people are such stereotypas. What an asshole!
Crazy lady: Hey girls!...You have to be careful! I know what problem is! It is all the black people! Just look at these black people! Look at the street! All black ! ! It just keeps getting worse, more are coming.
Girl: Oh, I wanna make homemade caramel apples.
Guy: They're called black people.
